README.md, before:

# ModernAppsNinja Course & Lab Guide Staging Repo

This repository hosts new lab and course guides that are still under development or in preview. Lab Guides that have already been published but that have blocking bugs should also be placed on the staging repo until bugs are resolved. 

This repo can be used both by course or lab guide creators, or for individuals who are looking to collaborate and contribute. It is a good practice before creating a new lab guide to see if there is already something similar under development on the staging site to maximize efforts through collaboration with community peers!

## Welcome Hackathon Participants!

For the Hackathon, you can simply come up with a unique name for your content, git clone this repository, and then create a folder with the title of your document. For example https://github.com/modernappsninja/guidestaging/{mydirectoryname}. 

When you post your hackathon document, there are no required templates to use, however all documents need to be in markdown format and be organized well enough to where others can easily follow along without confusion. 

## Learn Git, and earn github commits on your public profile while hacking!

If you are new to Git, there are several easy ways to get started. First, there is an in-browser editor that makes editing documents right on github very easy - you can see the [Validate a Lab Guide](https://github.com/CNA-Tech/PKS-Ninja/tree/master/LabGuides/ValidationStamp-VS9927) for an overview of the process. 

In addition editing through the web browser, git allows you to copy repositories to your local machine where you can use more advanced editing tools and then submit your updates. IF you would like to learn or practice the complete pull request process, check out the [Create your Student Folder](https://github.com/CNA-Tech/PKS-Ninja/tree/master/LabGuides/CreateStudentFolder-SF6361) Lab Guide.


Thanks for participating!

Commit message:

added link to md template

README.md, after:

# ModernAppsNinja Course & Lab Guide Staging Repo

This repository hosts new lab and course guides that are still under development or in preview. Lab Guides that have already been published but that have blocking bugs should also be placed on the staging repo until bugs are resolved. 

This repo can be used both by course or lab guide creators, or for individuals who are looking to collaborate and contribute. It is a good practice before creating a new lab guide to see if there is already something similar under development on the staging site to maximize efforts through collaboration with community peers!

## Welcome Hackathon Participants!

For the Hackathon, you can simply come up with a unique name for your content, git clone this repository, and then create a folder with the title of your document. For example https://github.com/modernappsninja/guidestaging/{mydirectoryname}. 

When you post your hackathon document, there are no required templates to use, however all documents need to be in markdown format and be organized well enough to where others can easily follow along without confusion. Please see the [Sample Markdown Template](https://github.com/ModernAppsNinja/GuideStaging/blob/master/sample.md)for a reference, feel free to copy and modify the template if you like it. 

## Learn Git, and earn github commits on your public profile while hacking!

If you are new to Git, there are several easy ways to get started. First, there is an in-browser editor that makes editing documents right on github very easy - you can see the [Validate a Lab Guide](https://github.com/CNA-Tech/PKS-Ninja/tree/master/LabGuides/ValidationStamp-VS9927) for an overview of the process. 

In addition editing through the web browser, git allows you to copy repositories to your local machine where you can use more advanced editing tools and then submit your updates. IF you would like to learn or practice the complete pull request process, check out the [Create your Student Folder](https://github.com/CNA-Tech/PKS-Ninja/tree/master/LabGuides/CreateStudentFolder-SF6361) Lab Guide.


Thanks for participating!
